chore: release 0.23.1 (#1400)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [v0.23.1] - 2024-06-10

> This is a non-breaking release that injects the ConnectionId in

Author: ```suggestion
This is a patch release that injects the ConnectionId in
```
